README.md, before:

# CMU Interactive Data Science Final Project

* **Online URL**: [Say Their Names](https://cmu-ids-2020.github.io/fp-squirrels-in-my-pants/)
* **Team members**:
  * Contact person: asadalis@andrew.cmu.edu
  * jjchoi@andrew.cmu.edu
  * mmleng@andrew.cmu.edu
  * viviansu@andrew.cmu.edu
* **Track**: Narrative

## Overview
<img src="overview.gif"/>

## Work distribution

* Asad: Worked on creating basic webpage outline as well as the map visualization and helped with de-escalation research, wrote report, added to narrative elements of the project
* Julie: Worked on compiling resources for call to action, added to narrative elements of the project, came up with visual design basis for the project
* Mei: Created pie chart on race, de-escalation graph, violent crimes and police brutality graph, contributed to narrative
* Vivian: Worked on incorporating guessing game into project, helped with de-escalation, narrative, overall HTML/CSS/JS

## Deliverables

### Proposal

- [x] The URL at the top of this readme needs to point to your application online. It should also list the names of the team members.
- [x] A completed proposal. The contact should submit it as a PDF on Canvas.

### Design review

- [x] Develop a prototype of your project.
- [x] Create a 5 minute video to demonstrate your project and lists any question you have for the course staff. The contact should submit the video on Canvas.

### Final deliverables

- [x] All code for the project should be in the repo.
- [x] A 5 minute video demonstration.
- [x] Update Readme according to Canvas instructions.
- [x] A detailed project report. The contact should submit the video and report as a PDF on Canvas.

Commit message:

add overview and abstract to readme

README.md, after:

# CMU Interactive Data Science Final Project

* **Online URL**: [Say Their Names](https://cmu-ids-2020.github.io/fp-squirrels-in-my-pants/)
* **Team members**:
  * Contact person: asadalis@andrew.cmu.edu
  * jjchoi@andrew.cmu.edu
  * mmleng@andrew.cmu.edu
  * viviansu@andrew.cmu.edu
* **Track**: Narrative

## Overview
<img src="overview.gif"/>

## Abstract
The issue of police brutality has been brought into the limelight recently, and this narrative 
explores the rates of police brutality over the years to highlight biases and compares rates 
to related factors to explore potential correlations.

## Work distribution

* Asad: Worked on creating basic webpage outline as well as the map visualization and helped with de-escalation research, wrote report, added to narrative elements of the project
* Julie: Worked on compiling resources for call to action, added to narrative elements of the project, came up with visual design basis for the project
* Mei: Created pie chart on race, de-escalation graph, violent crimes and police brutality graph, contributed to narrative
* Vivian: Worked on incorporating guessing game into project, helped with de-escalation, narrative, overall HTML/CSS/JS

## Deliverables

### Proposal

- [x] The URL at the top of this readme needs to point to your application online. It should also list the names of the team members.
- [x] A completed proposal. The contact should submit it as a PDF on Canvas.

### Design review

- [x] Develop a prototype of your project.
- [x] Create a 5 minute video to demonstrate your project and lists any question you have for the course staff. The contact should submit the video on Canvas.

### Final deliverables

- [x] All code for the project should be in the repo.
- [x] A 5 minute video demonstration.
- [x] Update Readme according to Canvas instructions.
- [x] A detailed project report. The contact should submit the video and report as a PDF on Canvas.
